The Eiffel Tower can grow more than 15 cm taller during the summer due to thermal expansion.
Honey never spoils; archaeologists have found edible honey in ancient Egyptian tombs.
A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance."
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896; it lasted 38 minutes.
Bananas are botanically classified as berries, while strawberries are not.
There are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on all the beaches on Earth.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped to prevent it from rolling away.
The total weight of all ants on Earth is roughly equal to the total weight of all humans.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Humans share about 60% of their DNA with bananas.
It is physically impossible to hum while holding your nose.
The inventor of the Pringles can is buried in one.
A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
Hot water freezes faster than cold water, known as the Mpemba effect.
The world's oldest wooden wheel has been around for more than 5,000 years.
Dead skin cells make up a large percentage of household dust.
Some cats are allergic to humans.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep to keep from drifting apart.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when they are separated.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
The Moon has "moonquakes" similar to earthquakes.
You lose up to 30 percent of your taste buds during a flight.
A snail can sleep for up to three years.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins can (up to 40 minutes).
Supermarket apples can be up to a year old.
The "immortal jellyfish" (Turritopsis dohrnii) can revert back to its polyp stage.
The Great Wall of China is not visible from the Moon with the naked eye.
Blue whales are the largest animals to have ever lived.
A single strand of spaghetti is called a "spaghetto."
Violin bows are commonly made from horsehair.
The Empire State Building has its own zip code.
Dolphins give each other specific names.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
The first computer was invented in the 1940s and weighed over 27 tons.
The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days.
The Hawaiian alphabet has only 13 letters.
It rains diamonds on Saturn and Jupiter due to high pressure.
The average person walks the equivalent of five times around the world in their lifetime.
The dot over the letter "i" and "j" is called a tittle.
Cheetahs cannot roar; they can only meow like domestic cats.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
The smell of cut grass is actually a plant distress call.
Humans are the only animals that blush.
Dragonflies have six legs but cannot walk.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
Peanuts are not nuts; they are legumes.
Most wasabi paste in America is actually just dyed horseradish.
The Queen of England technically owns all the swans in open water in England.
The hashtag symbol (#) is technically called an octothorpe.
The 100 folds in a chef's hat represent 100 ways to cook an egg.
Some fungi create "zombies" out of ants to control their minds.
Birds typically do not urinate; they excrete waste as a paste.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
The average person spends six months of their lifetime waiting for red lights.
If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground, it can’t hop.
Hippopotamus milk is pink.
Polar bear skin is black, and their fur is hollow and transparent.
The most common first name in the world is Mohammed.
The King of Hearts is the only king in a deck of cards without a mustache.
Venus is the only planet in our solar system to spin clockwise.
Nutmeg is a hallucinogen if ingested in very large quantities.
The burning sensation from chilies is a mental reaction, not physical damage.
The wood frog can freeze solid during winter and thaw out in the spring.
A group of crows is called a "murder."
Ketchup was sold as medicine in the 1830s to treat diarrhea.
The Eiffel Tower was originally intended for Barcelona, Spain.
Spider silk is stronger than steel by weight.
Before trees evolved, the Earth was covered with giant mushrooms.
The national anthem of Spain has no words.
Humans are bioluminescent, but the light is too weak for our eyes to see.
High heels were originally invented for men in the 10th century.
There are more lifeforms living on your skin than there are people on the planet.
Otters have a pocket in their skin where they keep their favorite rock.
Sharks have been around longer than trees.
A baby puffin is called a "puffling."
Antarctica is the only continent without reptiles or snakes.
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
Only 5% of the ocean has been explored by humans.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
Bubble wrap was originally invented as 3D wallpaper.
The first video ever uploaded to YouTube is called "Me at the zoo."
There is a town in Norway called "Hell," and it freezes over every winter.
Australia is wider than the Moon.
Venus is the hottest planet in the solar system, not Mercury.
The longest river in the world is either the Nile or the Amazon, depending on measurement.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain above sea level, but Mauna Kea is taller from base to summit.
The Vatican City is the smallest country in the world.
Russia is the largest country in the world by land area.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth.
The Sahara Desert is the largest hot desert in the world.
The human body has 206 bones.
Water covers about 71% of the Earth's surface.
Light travels at a speed of approximately 299,792 kilometers per second.
The DNA in a human body could stretch from the sun to Pluto and back 17 times.